README.md, before:

## Welcome to *DarkSky*

*DarkSky* is a fast and feature-rich theme for GoHugo, the fastest Static Site Generator (SSG) available. This theme is designed to provide an exceptional user experience, while also being highly customizable.

## Features and benefits

* **Dark and Light Themes**: Automatically adapts to the visitor's system settings or personal preference.
* **Opinionated Design**: Built with focus on readability and aesthetics, perfect for blogs and other content-driven websites.
* **Archive Pages**: Organize and display past content with built-in archive capability.
* **Commenting System**: Integrate either Giscus or Disqus to enable user engagement and feedback on your site.
* **Search Engine Optimization**: Ensure your content reaches its full potential with the theme's search engine optimization (SEO) features.

## What sets *DarkSky* apart

*DarkSky* is the result of extensive engineering hours and a commitment to quality code. It's crafted to provide a seamless and enjoyable experience for both you, as the site owner, and your visitors.

## Theme documentation

> [!WARNING]
> This documentation is under (re)construction. Check back later for changes and feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/davidsneighbour/hugo-darksky/issues) if you have questions or suggestions.

* [Configuration](/davidsneighbour/hugo-darksky/blob/main/documentation/configuration/index.md)
* [Content](/davidsneighbour/hugo-darksky/blob/main/documentation/content/index.md)
* [Developers](/davidsneighbour/hugo-darksky/blob/main/documentation/developers/index.md)
* [Hooks and Filters](/davidsneighbour/hugo-darksky/blob/main/documentation/hooks-and-filters/index.md)
* [Quality Insurance](/davidsneighbour/hugo-darksky/blob/main/documentation/quality-insurance/index.md)
* [Setup](/davidsneighbour/hugo-darksky/blob/main/documentation/setup/index.md)
* [Shortcodes](/davidsneighbour/hugo-darksky/blob/main/documentation/shortcodes/index.md)
* [Styles](/davidsneighbour/hugo-darksky/blob/main/documentation/styles/index.md)
* [Troubleshooting](/davidsneighbour/hugo-darksky/blob/main/documentation/troubleshooting/index.md)

## General notes

* The keywords MUST, MUST NOT, REQUIRED, SHOULD, SHOULD NOT, RECOMMENDED, MAY, and OPTIONAL in this document are to be interpreted as described in [RFC 2119](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2119.txt).
* I am working on Ubuntu, meaning all code samples in this document are working on Ubuntu and any comparable (Debian-based) Linux system. If you use another operating system, you are on your own. I assume most tools, scripts, and procedures should work on other systems with the appropriate changes because I mainly use open source programs and scripts.

## License

This theme's source code is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/davidsneighbour/hugo-darksky/blob/main/LICENSE.md).

Commit message:

docs: update README.md with a disclaimer
Signed-off-by: Patrick Kollitsch <patrick@davids-neighbour.com>

README.md, after:

## Welcome to *DarkSky*

*DarkSky* is a fast and feature-rich theme for GoHugo, the fastest Static Site Generator (SSG) available. This theme is designed to provide an exceptional user experience, while also being highly customizable.

> [!WARNING]
> Please be aware that until recently Darksky was my own theme. I am now in the process of cutting it out of my personal website and into a standalone theme. This process will take some time and the theme might not work as expected. Please be patient, use the issue tracker for quite fast help with any issues that might occur, and check back later for updates.

## Features and benefits

* **Dark and Light Themes**: Automatically adapts to the visitor's system settings or personal preference.
* **Opinionated Design**: Built with focus on readability and aesthetics, perfect for blogs and other content-driven websites.
* **Archive Pages**: Organize and display past content with built-in archive capability.
* **Commenting System**: Integrate either Giscus or Disqus to enable user engagement and feedback on your site.
* **Search Engine Optimization**: Ensure your content reaches its full potential with the theme's search engine optimization (SEO) features.

## What sets *DarkSky* apart

*DarkSky* is the result of extensive engineering hours and a commitment to quality code. It's crafted to provide a seamless and enjoyable experience for both you, as the site owner, and your visitors.

## Theme documentation

> [!WARNING]
> This documentation is under (re)construction. Check back later for changes and feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/davidsneighbour/hugo-darksky/issues) if you have questions or suggestions.

* [Configuration](/davidsneighbour/hugo-darksky/blob/main/documentation/configuration/index.md)
* [Content](/davidsneighbour/hugo-darksky/blob/main/documentation/content/index.md)
* [Developers](/davidsneighbour/hugo-darksky/blob/main/documentation/developers/index.md)
* [Hooks and Filters](/davidsneighbour/hugo-darksky/blob/main/documentation/hooks-and-filters/index.md)
* [Quality Insurance](/davidsneighbour/hugo-darksky/blob/main/documentation/quality-insurance/index.md)
* [Setup](/davidsneighbour/hugo-darksky/blob/main/documentation/setup/index.md)
* [Shortcodes](/davidsneighbour/hugo-darksky/blob/main/documentation/shortcodes/index.md)
* [Styles](/davidsneighbour/hugo-darksky/blob/main/documentation/styles/index.md)
* [Troubleshooting](/davidsneighbour/hugo-darksky/blob/main/documentation/troubleshooting/index.md)

## General notes

* The keywords MUST, MUST NOT, REQUIRED, SHOULD, SHOULD NOT, RECOMMENDED, MAY, and OPTIONAL in this document are to be interpreted as described in [RFC 2119](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2119.txt).
* I am working on Ubuntu, meaning all code samples in this document are working on Ubuntu and any comparable (Debian-based) Linux system. If you use another operating system, you are on your own. I assume most tools, scripts, and procedures should work on other systems with the appropriate changes because I mainly use open source programs and scripts.

## License

This theme's source code is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/davidsneighbour/hugo-darksky/blob/main/LICENSE.md).
